what I were you gentle on your Disney we
got into some more time 745 we're gonna
go grub yeah okay 11 sound like
something like that it's a nice good
first is worth how far away is holly
hollywood shit that's a complete that's
another four hours down that way no it's
three hours down that way no two and a
half down that way don't you come from
where'd you come from we don't let you
in put your giggle hole anyways front
door front door naked dude Oh change
sorry there is no privacy that's the
point of a hotel room who knows who I
slept in that slept in this bed before
you who knows who has sucks on that bed
before you who knows what kind of
diseases might be on these beds who you
know Jose's full of HIV what's up
fellows yeah of course it has a matter
of course
nextel
yeah that's your white shirt anyway I
don't know welcome to Lanka hey I was a
damn look at that I would mean that all
day would you go
cup of noodles again this time here
so this is your room yeah I like you I
anything besides revealing watermelon
see oxygen still support ho what I'm a
better camera one and you yeah maybe
fall you're gonna be bought oh shit all
right could you make me fall stop it no
no get away what no no back up back up
no
Oh cry see record how's that stop sign
on maple tightly Mary camera takes it
this series Decker cops I
lakers or a 13 love he brings it back
vibration I don't wear no time on time
so that nothing cover he's right in
tight and not just let me say i
recommend six inches upbeat to create
one shot i wish i could you are you're
going to be where I know what that Jesus
that's really good hey guys you wrong me
guys when we bring the girls back this
is when you need to put on the door
remember okay
okay good time
d does your rooms does your room have a
condom box Ramon overdose because I got
high yeah I say nothing he tells me that
is silly
you have a stranger I'm saying damn it I
never has a sexy should be like models
day although his mother fucker gamma D
Sanders great voice hello what what now
weird is that long time I as physical
physically wet and your phone that way
your song that now that way yo
and they come here more often
class of 2010